351 update documentation (#600)
Deltares/hydromt_wflow: docs/user_guide/5_setup_methods/index.rst

> Setup Methods

Reviewer: Maybe Technical Description is better than Setup methods. If you think Technical description of the setup methods is too long
```suggestion
Technical description
```

=============

This section provides detailed technical descriptions of the setup methods available within HydroMT-Wflow.
Each setup method is described on its own page, including an overview of the method, its underlying scientific background, and a link to the corresponding API function for detailed argument descriptions.

In addition, this section will include illustrative figures and relevant literature references to clarify the underlying processes and assumptions. Examples of how to use these setup methods in workflows are provided separately in the **User Guide**.

.. note::

>    The setup methods form the bridge between data preparation and model initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The setup methods form the bridge between raw input data and model inputs and parameters.
```
